docs(db): describe role concept (#246)
graphile/starter: @app/db/README.md

If you're not very comfortable with SQL then we recommend you use an alternative
migration framework (for now at least, Graphile Migrate is still young...)

> ## Database Roles
> 
> We're using the concept of two main database roles: the `DATABASE_OWNER` and the
> `DATABASE_VISITOR`. The `DATABASE_VISITOR` is used for all incoming requests and
> changes its role according to the requesting client/user to act with the correct
> privileges.
> 
> The `DATABASE_OWNER` is the internal system user and has access to all resources
> in our schemas. The initial migration schema assumes that the `DATABASE_OWNER` is
> actually the [user that created the database resources (hence, the owner)](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-priv.html).
> 
> You should therefore make sure to create all schema, tables, etc. with the
> `DATABASE_OWNER` in all environments (local, dev, prod), not with the default
> `postgres` superuser. This ensures that the system behaves as expected when
> graduating from your local dev environment to hosted database systems in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Database Roles

Graphile Starter uses three roles:

- `DATABASE_OWNER` - this is the role that owns the database (**not** the 
  database cluster, just the individual database); i.e. it's the role that runs
  all the migrations and owns the resulting schemas, tables and functions.
- `DATABASE_AUTHENTICATOR` - this is the role that PostGraphile connects to the
  database with; it has absolutely minimal permissions (only enough to run the
  introspection queries, and the ability to "switch to" `DATABASE_VISITOR` below).
  When a GraphQL request comes in, we connect to the database as
  `DATABASE_AUTHENTICATOR` and then start a transaction and evaluate the
  equivalent of `SET LOCAL role TO 'DATABASE_VISITOR'`. You might choose to add
  more visitor-like roles (such as an admin role), but the maintainer finds
  that the single role solution tends to be more straightforward and has been
  sufficient for all his needs.
- `DATABASE_VISITOR` - this is the role that the SQL generated from GraphQL
  queries runs as, it's what the vast majority of your `GRANT`s will reference
  and the row level security policies will apply to. It represents both logged in
  AND logged out users to your GraphQL API - it's assumed that your Row Level
  Security policies will deferentiate between these states (and any other
  "application roles" the user may have) to determine what they are permitted to
  do.

The `DATABASE_OWNER` role is also used for certain "elevated privilege"
operations such as login and user registration. Note that `SECURITY DEFINER`
functions adopt the security level of the role that defined the function
(as opposed to `SECURITY INVOKER` which uses the security of the role that
is invoking the function), so you should therefore **make sure to create all
schema, tables, etc. with the `DATABASE_OWNER` in all environments** (local,
dev, production), not with your own user role nor the default superuser role 
(often named `postgres`). This ensures that the system behaves as expected when
graduating from your local dev environment to hosted database systems in
production.
```
